welcome to the man of recaps this is the
mandalorian episode 2 another great
episode I love the vibe in this show
it's shaping up to be a potential
favorite so if you're not watching it
yet get it now only on Disney Plus so
the Mandalorian rescued his bounty the
baby Yoda last episode and it is
unbearably cute it follows him around in
this little floating space stroller and
yeah plush baby Yoda's topping
everyone's Christmas list some bad guys
attack and boom little fight scene
Mandalorian pulls out his big rifle and
it's a disintegration gun
that's famously what Darth Vader said to
Boba Fett in the originals no
disintegrations but now I'm sitting here
like yeah give me more disintegrations
back at a ship it's a new problem it's
some Jawas
you might remember these guys from
original Star Wars they're that desert
scavengers and Mandalorian parked his
car in the wrong neighborhood cuz
they've scavenged all his hubcaps
so Mandalorian starts blacks tanam
chases them right off unfortunately they
already loaded up most of his ship parts
so he's got to chase down their garbage
truck there's a big action sequence
where he's hanging on trying to climb up
and get in there baby Yoda's crib was
set to auto follow him which is kind of
hilarious but in the end they zap him
and after all that work he's failed so
yeah his ship is totally out of
commission he goes back to his old
friend the I have spoken guy he speaks
Java so he's happy to mediate trying to
get Mandalorian his ship back
negotiations get a little he did but in
the end he has nothing else of value to
give him so he agrees to go on a quest
forum they really want some sort of egg
what animal lives in this cave it's a
giant woolly rhinoceros the fight is not
going very well Mandalorians getting
tossed around in the end he's out at
tricks rhinos charging him and he just
pulls out his little knife what's that
gonna do bro it's huge but right before
it kills him what's baby yoda doing
oh he's using the Force to float woolly
rhino tank
fiora so small but he's already super
strong in the force Mandalorian stabs it
and oh yeah it takes it down I guess
that little knife was pretty effective
so baby Otis saved his life and all the
little guys all tuckered out some and
Lorien comes back with the egg why is it
so valuable to these Jawas is it perhaps
a religious symbol or maybe helpful in
building some technology nope it's just
brunch not even gonna cook it just palm
in the yolk ja waz man some and
DeLoreans got a ship parts back and with
the help of I have spoken guy who's I
guess a great mechanic they fix it right
up it's like hey man you helped me a lot
can I like pay you or something but he's
like no no you brought peace to my
Valley that's all I want so I have
spoken guy finishes speaking and
Mandalorian flies off into the sunset
there was some concern that maybe Yoda
tuckered himself out too much but
luckily at the end he's waking up he's
gonna be fine and that's how Episode two
comes to an end
[Music]